In previous tutorials, I told you how we created all the programmes and we are facing some exceptions.
So I told you in that video how we can handle that.
Exceptions with some.
So we use the multithreading and as I told you how we can use Multithreading here to execute a main
process in small, small processes, or we can set up processes and more.
Which are these processes?
Like I told you, there are different processes in connecting a client, connecting the message, handling
that message.
I am accepting some private messages also here.
So that part then server date and time, server lighting, we can handle all these things through the
multithreading and what is the Multithreading handling the multiple threads at a time.
So what is the beautiful thing is here is I can connect many clients at the same time stamp or we can
see the same timestamp or for that purpose.
So I achieve multithreading by extending the thread class.
I want to create an enable interface for that.
Also Trade class includes the naval interface also.
So I went through that, all these things exchanging the trade classes.
So let us see what is implementation or we can see the deep implementation of this.
So server side implementation I'm taking application begins with the server computer running on the
server or supported 5000.
Your report.
I choose zero 1500.
You can choose 5000 in an airport for clients to talk with one another.
They will have to run a client code for their systems.
So assume that you are a few friends.
What you can do, you can run only the client code and you can deploy your server code on some server.
Or you can say there are many servers available on the internet like Google Cloud servers are their
servers.
Web server also supports this.
So what you can do instead of running server on your machine, you can deploy on internet that part
which can do what it will be doing.
It will be running that server class or live or we can say 24 by seven.
So you just need to run the client, you just add that in the interface and I'm considering your only
command line interface.
In the next part, I will tell you how you can create some UI for that simple UI for that purpose.
So what you can do, you can just run your client.
So for the client purpose, then only need to run on the client.
No need to run server.
So server and client both are the different codes.
What is the thing between is it's connecting throughout the TCP connection to that server.
That's it.
So the work code consists two classes server class and client handler class.
So I'm I mentioned the name as different in that code, but what is the main thing is client handling.
It's handling the client server class consists server socket which waits for client to join whenever
a new client joins.
It's created the trade for that purpose and you can use the run method to allocate that server part,
broadcasting part each and everything in client handler to us.
So when thread begins its execution, it starts by waiting for clients to send message.
As soon as client is connected, our server and client is valid.
It client.
The server waits for the client message.
So client side message when client sends the message.
The message is control by server and move forward.
And the Trade Center in the same message function, which is basically first trade is what is trade
doing accepting the message once the messages arrive.
Now trade is moved to the same message part when job is to forward the message from the client to another
remaining client from the socket vector.
We can say or we can say or that socket part.
So what will we do?
Folder That trade will convert it into object and beautiful thing of why we use your ArrayList.
We can pass that object in the ArrayList and to round that TCP connection or we can set TCP frame packet
will take that part and move forward.
Hold that object, move forward to that message.
So instead of using byte by bytecode, what we can do, we can put that object inside frame and object
consists that message message again, it's converted into bytecode, but we don't need to convert into
bytecode, we just need to put that object and from the socket vector it will go to the another.
Let us see what is said in implementation.
I'm considering your due also because I don't want to explain it again.
So in UN I'm going to use Java string.
So as soon as my client opens the Java application, it's connected to the front end to back backend.
It's just basically all the similar part like client, whenever it's open send message functions will
execute and another function in the background to which server to send a message like if the server
is sending successfully the message, then it will be handled then.
So message functions are there each message as server as prefixed by name by sender to increase message,
readability and everything.
So it is a client shared implementation only.
So client what is the client is doing?
Client is handling your thread first.
Client When the client is added to that server.
Now the client trade is accepting message from user.
So that trade is waiting.
One message is that part is done.
It will push to that server put.
And for birdie.
Once this is done, the server will handle the pushing the message.
Similarly, client is also waiting another thread for the another client message.
What we can say client to message.
So it will waiting for that purpose.
Another thread.
Once that message is arrived, it pushed to that part.
What we can see front in part, and it will show that part.
So waiting and showing the message.
So this is the basic idea of this.
In this also I mentioned some useful parts like who is in method and the username said.
So I direct username which is basically private method.
If you could add the name of that person or client.
What you can do, you can publish it on that part.
Or we can say private message.
You can do.
Then you look.
Now the main thing is indie rock here.
Why I'm using indie rock is if you know, this is only what we can say.
Michael and Machine.
But I want to join my friend also.
So this is my point.
It is localized and each and everything, but I want to create some thing which can be global or we
can say port forwarding system.
So for that purpose I need one port forwarding and my local copying thing.
So development machine can maybe connect it to secure network behind a firewall to work around access
restriction in JIRA runs small client process on your machine which creates private connection tunnel
to in your cloud service.
What is doing is indie rock is a cloud service.
Basically what it is is doing.
If I had a new server on my local list, it will copy that part each and everything.
Copying means the function is copying to the cloud.
It will create another link with port and it will proceed in that purpose.
So if you are having some that part, what you can do, you can share your that IP address or you can
say link your server address with port to your friend to connect friend on any network.
I'm not saying your local network consider there are two friends when it's John and Sam.
John is shipping is a new mark and considering Sam is sitting in San Francisco or John wants to send
a message throughout this process or or we can say throughout this client what he can do, he can create
some sort of third party chain, everything he can mention in the server part.
This is my link throughout the engine log and you can and this is my port address to the Sam or what
you can do, you can create a permanent link on an zero.
This is my port address and this is my link forever for this my client application function.
So what you can do, he can create one client code like this, you can put the localhost there that
localhost change to that that IP address within zero.
As you can see here.
In a client part.
Let me zoom this little bit.
This this part, what he can do.
He can change this localhost with server address of in zero and port number with that port number and
in a server implementation part.
Also, he has to change everything here.
Like I told you.
Or in this part.
This is local Austin port.
He has to change basically.
So as I mentioned, the airport number and each and everything are different like this.
And local laws has to change basically.
So once this is done, what you can do, you can send that message to the SAM which is sitting.
We will be sitting in San Francisco.
So this is the function of a local development server is mapped to an iOS subdomain which remote users
can access.
No need to expose your port setup forwarding, make other network changes.
So it is very simple.
So I will show you how we can we can do this.
So.
Let me go this once you downloaded the indie rock from the indie rock website that that's for Windows
is indie rock.
I will go with that indie rock dot e XXI.
Now there are many services available on indie rock.
TCP is HTTP, but we are going with TCP, TCP and what I don't want to do, my port of the local host,
as I told you, is 1500.
Let me show you in a server part I mentioned no need to change that server part.
Again, I'm telling you, no need to change this server part.
I mention my port address is 1500.
In the main method, this is 1500.
So what I can do?
I can mention this 1500.
Now, when you will take time to run its web interface.
So this is my web interface, basically.
So in general doesn't support the dynamic and everything URL.
So what you can do is.
This place controls the.
So it will take time to each and everything.
So these are all about in general how we can do these things and you can put your queries and each and
everything here with n g rock and indie rock creates the know what you can say, eternal status and
each and everything.
So it will give you the status and you can put the link here.
So this is all about how we can do this part.
But always remember, while creating an engine, the port should not be occupied.
Or you can say it's not running.
You have to change it first and you have to change that part.
So this is all about how we can do this.
So now I will.
What I can do is I'm going with some.
Let me go with some things.
Which is I am mentioning here.
Or which is basically.
Let me show Angelo.
And G.
I will share this to you all.
Like Rock, TCP 1500.
I will create this.
Okay.
So this is all about how you can do this thing.
Oh.
So this is my new application.
Let me clear this and let me zoom this.
And G Rock, TCP 1200.
So sometimes it is unavailable, but you have to keep trying.
It gives you the proper path.
Of them.
And you talk.
The ICSI.
In thousand 500.
So it's showing me that these examples are not working because.
Of all these things.
So this is how you can do it.
Okay.
So now my local with TCP is running.
As you can see, my local lost and each and everything is running here.
So this is my port and this is my engine.
So what I can do, I can copy this part first.
And added to the chat system with client with this local host.
And it gives me the port also.
So this is my board, basically.
So what I can do.
So where is the.
I told you, this is my port address.
And before this is all things are my before this whole thing is sort of reddish.
And this is the port.
So let me add in the board this number.
So don't close that engine apart.
Let me run the server first.
So this is basically for the testing purpose.
Not considering here, but what you can do.
You can put that server part in some online server port each and everything.
Now let me run the client also here.
You can say the connection is successful to this in Europe.
And if I put who is in command each and everything, it will giving me the all the things.
Now what is?
The server is running on my own machine, but client can be running on any other machine.
Let me add one more client here.
As I told you, this is client two and I am mentioning his name is Sam.
Sam is also connected to this.
So let me add a more.
Another client.
Whose name is.
James.
So there are three.
Let me check who is in command.
Now, as I told you.
John, Sam James are connected here.
So from the James what I want to do, I want to send a message on Legion.
John So I did it.
John Messages.
Hello?
So let us see.
John King.
John, command prompt.
He got the message.
Did you see the message?
But not this.
As you can see, this is not joining if I'm quoting from some message.
Hello, every one.
What you can say it is broadcasted.
You can see it is broadcasted.
And from the server you can say all the messages here also Sam then each and everything.
But in a private thing you can not see each and everything.
So this is all about how we can put forward the engine and I run this part on the engine part also.
So in further videos I'm going to tell you how we can create a GI and I will tell you each and everything
there.
So let us see how we can do.
And also just close the engine off.
You can say server is closed connection because I already done with that part and now you can see client
is also connect disconnected.
These are also disconnected because I closed that in Rockport.
So the service is stop now.
So this is all about how we can proceed with this.
So in further videos, what I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you create of UI with Java String
and how we can connect that TCP and each and everything in that thing.
I'm going with the simplest.
I'm not adding that using method and some private methods also.
So let us see in that part.